Internet-Draft                                               CSOAI Ltd
Intended status: Informational                          13 September 2026
Expires: 16 March 2027

         "Agent Protocol Delegation and Evidence Preservation"
              draft-csoai-agentproto-delegation-00

Abstract

   This document examines how evidence of delegated actions can be
   preserved and verified across agent protocol boundaries.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six
   months and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents
   at any time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 16 March 2027.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2026 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.  This document is subject to
   BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal Provisions Relating to IETF
   Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the
   date of publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
   2.  Protocols Covered
   3.  Evidence Chain
   4.  Security Considerations
   5.  References
   Authors' Addresses

1.  Introduction

   AI agents delegate tasks via MCP, A2A, and x402 protocols.

2.  Protocols Covered

   MCP, A2A, x402, AP2.

3.  Evidence Chain

   Discovery, invocation, signed receipt, Merkle inclusion,
   transparency log witness, independent verification.

4.  Security Considerations

   Cross-protocol evidence preservation requires verifiable artifacts.

5.  References

   [Informative references would be added in a future revision.]

Authors' Addresses

   Nicholas Templeman
   CSOAI Ltd
   UK Companies House 16939677
   Email: nicholas@csoai.org
   URI: https://councilof.ai
